# YouTube Transcript — connor-murray-15+-years-of-no-BS-cold-email-advice

**Collected:** April 2026

## Transcript

All right, Chris, Eric. We just got done automating a thousand emails apiece. They're going out as we speak. We're going to teach you how to do the same thing in this video. Phones are blowing up. Now, this is going to be a full cold email masterclass. I think there's a lot interesting and changing with cold email. We're going to be going down real examples, cadences, spelling this out for you so you have a playbook. You know what to do, but it's interesting because we're in this kind of new AI era that was supposed to make email easy and more effective than ever, but I think the general consensus out there is the opposite that emails become more challenging than ever. So, Eric, I want to start with you and why you think that is. I think people are able to send out and create emails easier, but on average, the average rep out there is booking less meetings per week. Why is that? Yeah, I think a couple things come to mind. I mean, as a pro of the tooling that's out there, like your outreaches, your sales lost. Not even the volume, but I think the average rep, it's really hard to envision. I entered the workforce in 2016. There was no ability to like AB test emails very easily. That was marketing's sole job. You just got whatever leftovers they gave you, copy paste. So, I think on one hand, the ability to test if used effectively is worthwhile. The downside is now, one, not many people are testing and two, the amount of emails, I mean, even since putting co-founder of Higher Levels on my LinkedIn, I genuinely get 50 plus cold emails a day. 10 of them when I wake up are people overseas trying to edit our videos and then the other 40 are like vendors, no research, copy paste, generic. I think that honestly, like if I was to say one reason, I could definitely get into more, but that that's the biggest by far. It's It's like when I when I wake up and I see 50 new emails and I don't recognize but all but two of them and all of them are like, "Hey Eric, congrats on the recent video. Hey Eric, I saw your recent post where you guys are working with companies like MongoDB." Like, >> [sighs and gasps] >> you know, I I It's just fatigue. It's completely like burned out my ability to care about each individual email. >> Fatigue's a good word for it. I think that's the problem is the bar has gotten a lot higher for people to open and respond to emails because they're getting more of them than ever and a lot people just don't even trust that this is a real person reaching out or that they didn't just automate it with AI. So, I think it's become more important than ever to write quality emails that make you sound consultative and like you're real person. Um Chris, over to you now. For those who are just getting into cold email, maybe it's not a core part of their strategy yet or they're just struggling with it. I know I struggled with it when I started out. I barely used it cuz it just took me too long to write emails and I wasn't getting many replies, so I was like, "Let me focus on the phones." I'm curious what it was for you cuz I know you had a lot of success even as an early SDR with email. What was it for you that took you from being like, "All right, what am I doing here?" to like, "All right, now I got a system down that I can scale." I think it was a combination of different things. I think one, obviously the people that you're targeting. As you get better, you kind of start understanding like, "Okay, there are certain intense signals that you can use and you know, sometimes if they're part of a certain vertical or if they're on a certain tech stack, you kind of start picking up on those things." So, just not trying to target every single person, I think for one kind of stacks the odds in your favor. And then from there, ironically enough, kind of bouncing off of what you guys were saying, I tried to be very, very perfectionistic when I was first starting out. So, like every single little thing was like and I think everybody starts that way because you want to sound professional. You're prospecting into like CTOs of like multi-billion dollar companies. Um so, I think I I tried to make every single email look like a Picasso of an email. Like it was just like the perfect thing. Um ironically enough, when I stopped doing that and I just started experimenting and I was as I was looking at top performers internally, I started noticing that like the best performing email sequences and the best performing cold outreach was actually outreach that just sucked in my mind. Like it didn't suck in the sense that it wasn't getting responses. It sucked because I was so um overemphasizing everything being perfect, but they were just so nonchalant. Yeah. >> Like my strategic account executives that I was supporting, like it was just like everything was lower capitalized. There was like three spelling errors in it, but it felt like a friend speaking to another friend. >> Yeah. And when I started doing that, like even I I even started adding grammatical errors intentionally. I actually started getting better response rates and I think especially when AI is like blowing up and more and more people are using it. Everybody's using the same LLM. Maybe there's like or or you know, if they are using a different one, they're more or less the same right now. So, everybody's sounding the exact same. I think if you want to stand out from that, you kind of need to start sounding more like a regular human being. And I think humans are imperfect in nature. So, to me, it was just like lower cap, question marks like randomly split out, um subject lines that were all messed up. Like that was really what started getting me results and what I ironically enough started teaching other people inside the platform. Um so, yeah, just a combination. I mean, that doesn't mean that you just have to go like balls to the wall and everything needs to be like as messed up as possible, but I just think like little things here and there that make it clear that this isn't an AI generated email. I think goes a long way today. So, yeah, just write trash emails and just misspell everything. You're You're good. No, that that was what it was for me too. When I started out, I felt like I had to write the world's greatest email every time I sent one out and I'd spend 30 minutes on it thinking I did just that and then I wouldn't get a reply and I'm like, "Well, I only had a 8 hours a day and I just killed whatever percent that is, like 7% of my day writing an email that didn't get a reply. Cold calls are the way to go." And it wasn't till I started recognizing like, "Wait, I just emailed a CFO that works in retail and then maybe emailed three different types of people, but then I got another finance leader in retail. I'm like, oh, I can just copy that template, maybe change a few things and send it out to him and it will sound just as targeted." And then I was like, "Wait, why can't I just do that for all my top job titles and in industries, any other triggers I'm looking for?" And that was the real game changer where I realized like, "Oh, I can just get these fat lists of like a hundred plus people, whether you're automating it or not, and send as at least as a good starting point some sort of industry or um specific job title targeted template to that person and you know it's going to sound like you're reaching out to them personally and not just some broad like, "Hi, I'm part of your cloud applications team." You're making it sound more industry specific. So, we're getting into the whole uh quality, quantity. Like it it We're basically on the side of quality right now that you got to sound like a real human, you got to sound like you're targeted to them, but that brings us to the debate that the age-old quantity versus quality debate. What's the right approach? Is it blasting out a thousand emails per day, not even thinking about it? Is it spending hours writing five perfect personalized emails to specific prospects? How do you view this quantity, quality debate? Yeah, I would lean towards the quality side and honestly early on going slower as opposed to faster. Um I'll break this down more. Cut me off if I'm getting too deep, but I think one hand on the quality side, it's not even so much about the messaging even starting. It's actually about curating your list properly. I know you talk a lot about that certainly for cold outbound and I think often times people lump inbound more or less into the same thing as well, which is like not differentiating at all between a pricing request, a free trial setup, a white paper download, attendee. Those are all things that I separate even though they're very similar and actually create specific cadences for and I'm very meticulous about AB testing both. So, at the in the very beginning, it's slowing down. It's actually treating that free trial slightly different than a pricing request. The free trial wants to get up and running. They've already started something. Let's give them a getting started guide and ask them what they're trying to build. The pricing request, obviously let's set up some time for a meeting. Maybe I'm going to give them a few like, "Hey, before our meeting by the way, here's a couple of useful docs that our new users have." You kind of get my point, but I think early on slowing down, I know as a new SDR, you probably have metrics over your head that are like you have to hit a certain amount of emails. Maybe to appease people, use your lowest quality leads on that first in the first couple of months, but I think it's when I actually really actually isolated my different lists, my different types of leads and then also on the V1 was very slow about AB testing and intentionally AB testing to like a hundred plus people for each of those categories. That is when I then unlock the ability to have scale and volume, but that is a three to four to five month process that hopefully answers your question and isn't a cop out of both. No, I don't even think there is a right answer to it. I agree with everything you said. I mean, the the cop out answer is I I think it's both. I don't like this idea that it has to be one or the other. In general, it's different depending on your situation, what your KPIs are, where you work, but I think you should have two buckets every week. You should have a few strategic accounts that you're focused on where you are really slowing it down and not just spraying and praying. You're picking a few individuals there. You're coming up with a strategic hypothesis of why you're reaching out, but then you also have your high quality at scale, which is those pre-made lists that can be hundreds of people long where you have some sort of template that's targeted for their industry, job title, revenue, employee count, whatever it is. So, you're being as quality as you can, but still getting a lot of interactions out the door because half the battle with email, in my opinion, is just getting a clear, coherent message into the hands of the right person at the right time. You're not going to be able to do that effectively if you're only sending five to ten emails per day, but if you're just spraying and praying a thousand, then you're not getting a clear, coherent message. One last point I want to make cuz I think the audience is going to resonate with this. It drives me insane on I don't know if you guys see it on LinkedIn. It's the debate is way too heavily skewed to the quality side in my opinion. They are telling reps five emails a day beats 100 or whatever. And I it's like okay, the sentiment I get it, but a lot of times it's these VPs of sales and these sales leaders that are setting 30 meeting per month KPIs to their SDRs and then telling them to send five emails per day. It's like you're not going to hit you like you have to look at your KPIs. If your KPIs are 15, 20, 30 meetings per month, you better believe you got to send out a lot of emails. So, it drives me insane when sales leaders they're at kind of in their like ivory tower where they don't want, you know, spray and pray emails going out. They only want quality deals. Then it's like okay, that's fine, but don't set your SDR KPIs at 30 meetings per month. Maybe make it seven, but have them all be really qualified. So, do what's going to help you hit your job is to follow the KPIs they've set for you. It's their job to set the proper incentives. So, that's kind of the way I look at it. But, um Chris, I want to turn it over to you before we get into some real email examples here of what we're talking about. How do you think about for your general outbound email template? Um let's call it that high quality at scale where you are segmenting lists. How do you think about structuring from even the subject line, first line, the the meat and like do you think about how long the email should be, sentences? I know you mentioned kind of like coming across as a real human dramatically. But, like what are some of the ways you think about actually structuring the standard cold email? Yeah, I think even though it's a cold email, I think you still want to have some sort of relevancy to why you're reaching out to them. So, it yeah, that's like the everlasting back and forth of do I want to spend an hour on this email or do I want to, you know, maybe cast out a wider net. I think that depends on are you working for a product leader? How many leads do you have internally in your CRM? How many of those are warm? Um how many of them are colder? Like I think I never send emails in isolation until it unless it's very very targeted. Um so, typically for me, I actually everybody talks about pattern interrupts. How do you actually do that in a cadence structure and different things like that? I don't follow the same structure for every single email. I actually think the best results that I've gotten and the outsized results always come from like I think of the average sequence, right? It's like the same structure all the way throughout. So, you have like eight emails that are just the exact same. At some point like you're just hitting them with the same messaging in some different format. Um and I think that's the problem is especially sales leaders going off of what you were saying, you know, they sometimes they even predefine these sequences and it's just like 11 emails and it's the same thing even though it's like calling out like testimonials, it's calling out like logos, it's calling out we've worked with this person. Like great, but you're saying the same thing over and over. So, what really worked for me when it came to structure was actually to break up the structure on like you can follow the same structure for like three emails, but then when you all of a sudden on the fourth email, like you know, you've had perfect grammar on the first three maybe. The fourth one is like I think I actually got this one from you, Eric. It's like name question mark and that's it. That was my single highest performing email. And I think also the reason why that one was so high performing is they they're already getting bombarded by like probably like they're probably part of 100 other sequences. So, it's just noise. But, when somebody's hitting you with like name question mark, there's very few people actually doing that stuff. It doesn't have to be that. Um one thing that I actually did was I I edited a a picture of a dog and I would be like, hey, you know, like it's it's me again. And those things just kind of worked. It's so corny and I was like cringing the first time I actually tried it out, but I just saw it was working internally at Vanta and it ended up just being a killer sequence. But, I think just doing things a little bit differently like understanding especially in a newer age where everybody has access to set up these cadences and sequences really really easily, everybody's going to be sounding the same. So, if you want to like set yourself apart, like it's almost like the imperfect turns into the perfect now. Yeah. Um so, how do you differ? How do you deviate from sounding like everybody else? Right? You still have to have substance in your emails, but this is where depending on who you're selling for. If you're selling for a product market or or a product leader, um then it's a lot more about timing. Right? It's a lot more about getting on their radar. If you just pop up in their inbox, like I wouldn't pop up in their inbox with like, hey, we've worked with these logos. I would pop up with something more funny because I know it's a lot more just about like, hey, I know you need SOC 2. It's just a matter of timing. Is this the right time right now? Um versus if I'm selling at not a, you know, market leader, it would be a whole different email where it's a lot more about like now you have to convince them. First of all, you have to explain to them who you even are. Then you have to convince them like why you're better than the other solutions that they're looking at. It's such a different frame. So, I think having the like mental capacity and critical thinking capabilities of also thinking through those things, not just trying to attack every single email with the same approach for every single company. That's just a flawed strategy. That's what's ironic is a lot of these reps who are being trained to personalize, they are, but they're following that same framework I bet every single person watching and you guys are familiar with where it's like observation, problem statement, social proof, interspace. It'll be like, hey so-and-so, saw you're hiring SDRs. Bet you're struggling to, you know, ramp and keep your processes intact. I'm just making this up. See here how we helped, you know, Facebook, Google, and Amazon scale their sales teams. Worth a chat. And it's like, okay, did you really personalize that or did you just it just comes across as slop. Um I so, I I totally agree with what you're saying about like you got to stand out from the crowd who you are. If you guys are down, I wanted to read a few examples of how I tend to structure email templates. You guys can roast me or tell me what you think. I got a few written out here. Um but, the way I like to break it down for companies and reps is you were mentioning the pattern interrupts. Before you get to pattern interrupts, case studies, like fancy tactics like that, how I view it is you need to have because like you were saying email is largely a timing thing. Often it's like getting the right message and so, you need to have like a version of your email template that is not fancy at all that can just clearly articulate in my opinion three questions. Who you are, why you're reaching out to them specifically, and what you would like to do. And actually give yourself the chance of booking the meeting. Because if you're able to do that, I like to keep it to about five to six sentences. You it may not be the fully optimized end email you scale across your team, but you will book meetings that way. And for most people, it will be a huge improvement just from stripping out a lot of the nonsense that's taught and getting back to the basics. So, here's an example of where I do that where if I was reaching if I was selling, I just came up with an example where I was selling um into like IT infrastructure teams. It would just say, good morning, VP of IT. My name is Connor Murray and I'm part of the IT infrastructure team at XYZ. We work with IT departments to modernize data environments and improve system reliance across storage, backup, and recovery. That's the first paragraph, two sentences. Our main focus is on areas around infrastructure consolidation and storage reliability. We specifically work with IT teams to reduce unplanned downtime, improve backup and recovery SLAs, and simplify multi-state data management by leveraging high availability storage platforms and automation-ready hardware. I'm looking to set some time for an introduction to understand your priorities and see if there's a fit. What does your availability look like the week of September 29th? Thanks in advance, Connor. So, before the feedback, it's it's about five to six sentences. It fits on an iPhone screen. And my goal and thought process with email structures like that is they're not always reading every single word carefully. It's more if some VP of IT opened this, scanned it, and some of the priorities, challenges, outcomes that I named are things that have either been coming up in meetings recently or that they're planning, it will usually be enough to catch them off not off guard, but catch their attention and read it more carefully and give a like a more stronger likelihood that they'd respond rather than playing games. I come across as consultative, like a real person reaching out, not like I'm fake aut- like fake personalizing some automated sequence. But, um I'm curious what you guys think or if you have any feedback on the structure. Yeah, I mean, I think the the first thing that stands out is that definitely appeals to a more executive buyer. And again, timing is a huge part of this. Like to your point, there's a pretty cyclical pattern where executives especially at larger and larger companies kind of block, I would say obviously certain times of the day, but even certain times of the year. Like as an example, many of my buying committees that I sold into at the enterprise level decisions in September and October. So, if you can catch them before that with these exact initiatives, that to me creates a very compelling way for them to at least start a conversation. And I think if there's one thing too is is that's a pretty good way to set the frame for an introductory conversation as more of a hard sell. I think my my personal style is like if I were to oversimplify this, I can break it down more, but it's like each sentence should earn the right to read the next sentence. I don't want this to turn into like some LinkedIn  post where it's like, you know, you won't believe what happened like return return like XYZ. But, I I think if there's a different stylistically from me, it's like I would probably I try as best as possible on introductory emails to be three sentences. What I do like about this is I do think an executive who's bought into a broader initiative is going to pay attention more to that than like a three sentence like saw you were hiring, this is what we do, worth a conversation. Um but, yeah, I I think like if I were to give my two cents on what I do differently, it would just be a little bit shorter and snappier on the front end. I personally like to try and find like one specific thing that is related to exactly what they're doing, but the downside is that is if I'm completely wrong, Yeah. they they delete it. So, it So, if I it's it's kind of a high-risk play. Honestly, I would love to sit down and AB test it like right now to see if we could see any meaningful difference, but I would say that's a high level of how I think about it differently. >> point. I've experienced that back and forth in the past where when I reached out to finance personas, there is one of my personas where like directors of tax or people who are in tax leadership and I would try and write these tax-specific emails and I actually found that they weren't hitting the mark or a lot of times they'd be like, "Well, that's not in my purview or that's not my responsibility." And I it actually would have been better if I had kept it general. So, um I want I'm just I'm not going to read the full emails, but just to give the audience a sense of what we're talking about of how you can take that base framework and adapt it to like a specific list or people that have certain buying triggers. In this case, the template would be reaching out to a VP of financial planning and analysis in the retail space. And some of the things I would change about that email structure is rather than being general, I would just say I'm part of the retail solutions team at XYZ. We support EPM applications across planning, reporting, and financial close. It's the same two-sentence opener. I'm just adjusting what priorities I name to make it more specific and then some of the priorities like inventory forecasting, cost containment. So, it's only like a few phrases and keywords that you're actually changing, but the structure remains largely the same whether you're using a more tightened structure whether you're using a bit of a longer structure. The other examples I wanted to share are when you want to go a layer or a layer higher and you want to be more personalized. I think the right way to do it is um I call it observation plus relevance. I think the best way to do this is if you've already spoken either via a cold call or a discovery call or you know something about the account, the first line of the email being something like I spoke with blank person like I spoke with John Smith and I understand that improving storage reliability and reducing unplanned downtime are key focuses for your team this year. Wanted to reach out cuz we typically support IT orgs working through those same initiatives. I'm Connor Murray. I'm part of the IT infrastructure team. Yada yada. I name a lot of those same priorities as I did in the first example. So, I'm still answering who I am, why I'm reaching out, what I want, but now I'm that's how I personally lead off with a bit more personalization and relevance rather than just like one template send it to 100 people on a list. I don't know if you have any uh Sure. feedback on that. >> So, when I was supporting or when I was an SDR, I was supporting enterprise strategic accounts specifically. So, um I agree 100%. I think and what I found a lot of success with especially if it's an account you're working at a bigger company, there's typical or there's typically some sort of previous context that you can call out. So, I think this was just my way of like how do you show that this isn't like a copy-paste template. Um and what I what really worked for me is if there was previous context or even if you've had a conversation with just like, you know, some like ground floor engineer or developer that's like even 10 ft down the totem pole. They don't interact with those people every single day, but if you can call out any sort of previous conversation, any sort of insight that you've learned from speaking or even calling out the fact that you've had conversations with several people at the company and here's what you're learning and here's the patterns that you're seeing, that is pretty valuable to an executive buyer because they're not in the trenches. So, calling those things out again, it does several things in my mind. It shows that this is not like a pre-made template that you're just pumping out to like 10 other or 50 other, you know, CEOs or CTOs. But two, I think it also shows that you're putting in the work and I think this is like a varying degree of again, we're going back to like quantity versus quality, but when you have enterprise strategic accounts, you typically only have a handful of them. So, you can't just like go out and just blast everybody at the company. So, I think it's a lot more important that for the outreach that you do, you only have so many tries at this. At some point it just turns into like noise. So, I've seen a lot of SDRs actually just go out there and they approach this with like an SMB mindset because an SMB you can just target anybody that breathes pretty much that's within your vertical. Um and they just you know, like that's great cuz they can keep going, but then there's the other SDRs that are enterprise focused, strategic focused and they just run out of leads. Yep. And they end up with like, you know, they've just left a sour taste in their mouth. So, I really like that. I think calling out something that's very specific to them, to their company that shows that you've done research and that you've actually made active efforts to try and make something happen. Here's like, I actually want to help you understand why this makes sense. >> Yeah. One more example I can give you that too that's a cheat code. If you can pull this off is this is if you know the name A lot of times when companies have internal priorities, there's a a name to it. It's like project XYZ. If you learn that on a cold call, it's maybe from a person you didn't even book a meeting with, but they're like, "No, there is project XY like we're focused on it, you know, IT modernization or network modernization." And they give you a name for it. If you can reference that in the email, that's an absolute cheat code. Uh not so fast, Chris. I'm going back to you. >> Oh, snap. Follow-ups. What are we doing there? Uh so, like for a lot of people, I think there's a lot of bad I don't want to in influence your answer, but I personally I see a lot of advice out there when it comes to cadences like 15 touch points, 30 touch points. It takes the a person on average 13 replies to, you know, book a meeting which sounds good and, you know, there's a few stories of people following up for months and finally booking a meeting and posting about it makes for a great LinkedIn post. But on average, I think that's way too long. It's way too stretched out. Um how do you think about email cadences because from my experience, most email meetings don't even get booked from the initial meet email. That's more you like casting the hook. It's actually a follow-up that gets them to be like, "Oh, wait. Okay, this is seems like a real person. Let me go read that first email more carefully." From my experience, I book about 70 to 80% of my meetings from follow-ups, not the initial email, but how do you think about cadences, length, structuring them, stuff like that? No, I agree with that. I think the the highest performing email when we're talking about a sequence is always the second one for me which is just like a bump to the first one. And that's where just the typical like name question mark, that one ended up working really really well for me. Or like the pattern interrupt where you're like you have a consistent tone until maybe like the third or fourth email where you hit them with something completely different like who is this person? Um most of the time they just jump back in and they say, "Sorry, like I've just been busy. Would love to like pick this up." Um but I think when we're talking about structure, I like to be targeted and do it a little bit faster. I think a lot of leaders out there, they take this approach where it's like you just need to have 25 steps and this needs to be like a two-year sequence. Okay, maybe not two-year sequence, but you know, they're definitely >> There's people >> Yeah. Yeah, they're definitely up there. They're extrapolated is my point and I for me when I look at the numbers and I've AB tested and I've sent so many emails throughout my career as an SDR and an AE, it's always those first few emails that, you know, end up getting me the the meetings and if I send a bunch of them, they actually end up just pissing them off. >> Yeah. Um so, what I would always resort back to and this depends also on like is it a nurture sequence? You know, is it a targeted sequence because there was actually like a trigger to it? Um all those things I think dictate, you know, what is the cadence and sequence and, you know, how often you should be reaching out to them after you put them into that sequence. Um but most of the time, I think it's been a constant that hit them up quickly um back-to-back. It doesn't That's not like within the next few hours, but within the next few days. I mean, I feel like you have, you know, a short time window to hit these people and if you're consistent, um my sweet spot was like five or six emails and that would be over maybe like 10 days. And I would pair that with like calls as well. >> Yeah. Um I think it's really powerful being able to call out like, "Hey, I sent you an email." Um like I think we spoke about this in another video as well, but referencing that first email, that's a very valid strategy. So, like working around like how is this going to be perceived from the prospect side? Like you can also with most tooling today, you can actually see when somebody opens your email. So, I would actually um I would look at the outreach tab and see, "Okay, well, if this prospect has just opened my email." Even though it's out of sequence and it's not the next step coming up, I would just pick up the phone and call them. Yeah. And I would actually have a lot of success with that. Um obviously most of the time they're going to be like, "Oh, I don't know what you're talking about." But they do. Um so, just being tactful and like I think also not feeling like you have to adhere to the perfect sequence either. It is very situational. I think it's more about just getting in front of them at the right time like I said previously. Um so, yeah. Yeah. No, I'm actually pretty much one-to-one alignment with everything you said. I think when you follow up more frequently, that helps with the you coming across as a real person because if this wasn't automated and you were actually trying to get in touch with someone and it wasn't a sales call, you would follow up within 24 to 48 hours if it was important. Um I totally agree with you on the um name question mark like pattern interrupt type thing. For me, that most effective email I've booked more meetings with than any form of outbound prospecting. It just says, "Please give me your thoughts on this." Period. It's my second email. The first one I normally send The first follow-up I send within 24 hours and it gives them more the benefit of the doubt. It's like, "Hey, just want to make sure you caught my note. Do either of those times I proposed work for you?" The second one, "Please give me your thoughts on this." That usually comes like two days after. And for me, you said five to six. Yeah, I've found like four to five to be my sweet spot in about seven to 10 business days. So usually over the course of like 10 to 12 days, you're hitting them hard, concise, and then moving on cuz it's like at that point, you start to devalue yourself in their eyes when you're following up like 10 times and it's like all that time you're going to spend with 100 contacts on email seven through 12, you should probably just start a fresh cadence with people you haven't contacted yet and you can always follow up and and retarget list a lot more frequently than I think people realize. Like So, I don't think you need to drag these cadences out months at a time. I don't think it's a good use of your time. I also think it's preventing you from maybe booking a meeting in the future you otherwise could have cuz I've done that many times where I took them through a sequence multiple times throughout a year and it was on the fourth one they replied because it all of a sudden, you know, ERP monetization, what I was selling, became a priority. Um but if I had tried to send 30 emails, they'd probably be like, "Enough of this guy. Like we're not working with him." Um All right. So, lots changing with email in particular. Eric, coming to you to wrap things up here. Where do you see the future of cold email with like AI and how it's progressing, automation, fancy tools coming out? Do you think cold email's going to die? Do you think it still has a place? What's your perspective? Yeah, I think especially if we're talking the B2B front here, it's always going to have its place. But I think one thing we've seen personally as well with people we work with is AI is extremely powerful for everything up to the actual customization of the email. Like there was a phase, I think a year and a half or so ago where everyone was automating end to end with Clay as one example of many, the entire process. And for like two months of time, it was actually good because it would scan your LinkedIn profile and like call out something that most other SDRs were not calling out. Now everyone has access to that. It all sounds vanilla. And I think the other aspect of this as well is that cold calling is becoming more important paired extremely well with emails. I barely take any meetings, maybe once a month, ironically one this morning, an editor reached out and was very compelling, like good offering. But the meetings that I do take are either a really good email, which I still like again, for me, it's because the inbox is so cluttered, each sentence has to earn the right to the next sentence. So if you're actually dialed in, you actually like get, "Okay, first sentence, interesting. Second, all right." Like at that point I'm bought in to read the rest of the email. But especially if you're coming on top, I mean, I'm I'm not kidding, 50 emails a day, maybe two cold genuine cold calls a week. Like if you give me an actual cold call on top of that, it stands out immediately and honestly I'm amazed at how many people don't do that. So in short, I think there's still a long runway for email. It's always got its place, but you need to think about it like one we've talked about how it actually elicits a reaction in a human being at the individual email level, but also if you're not doing multi-channel, in my opinion, you might as well just like Yeah. burn your money and and I don't know, pay pay it for a subscription you enjoy, not a outreach platform. So. >> I like that. I like that mindset. I think we'll cross that bridge when we get there, but I think there is going to be a point where email's just so saturated because of automation and AI where it's really its main purpose is going to be serving as a enhancement to cold calling so that you can reference the email, it's something they can pull up maybe while you're on the call with them. For now, I don't think we're there yet. It's becoming less effective. I do think it should be a part of every rep's workflow in terms of outbound. I just think there was a golden era where a few years ago, a lot of reps made zero cold calls and you could get by just emailing. That's not the case anymore. I think you need to be spending most of your time cold calling. I strongly believe that and email is useful because it's scalable and if you know how to coil the spring, make your list, buy trigger templates up front, you can get lots of touchpoints that are high quality with clear, coherent messaging out the door, but you shouldn't be spending more than 30 minutes to an hour of your day doing that. But it's still useful and worthwhile doing because of how scalable it is. So. Um thought this was great, guys. Appreciate the breakdown here. I don't know if there's any other uh final words of encouragement or things you want to leave the audience with. Um You want to say something? You want to get it off your chest? Yeah, sure. Uh I think this was great, man. And I think for everybody else out there that are watching this, like just keep experimenting. I think that's the biggest thing is again, it's very similar to cold calling even though cold email is a lot easier, but people just give up. They quit after like the first or second one. Um or, you know, like they just get used to their routine, their habits, their like benchmarks of like, "Okay, I've just accepted I'm going to get one response out of every 100 emails that I send. I'm going to end up on every single spam um list that I could possibly get on to." So, I think just practice, experiment as much as you possibly can. Um And understand as well that like this is a process. So, things are changing all the time, too. One thing that really worked for me is like when I looked at the last time I bought something or when I read an email and it actually worked on me, I took those things and I tried to work them into my emails. When you're constantly searching on LinkedIn for like the perfect script, then everybody's I feel like just ripping each other off and copying each other, but when you just think of what's working on you and you try to work that into your experiments, that's where I ended up coming up with these like very abstract thing that actually ironically enough ended up being my highest performing sequences that many other reps and SDRs ended up copying at the companies that I worked for. So, that's the way to think outside of the box and, you know, think of the things that are working on you um and that's a pretty good proxy for what might work on other people as well. Well said. And uh for those still here, appreciate it. Hope you got value. You can check out the link to Cold Email Engine in the description. That's my framework for that, setting the foundation for sending out those high quality emails at scale, coiling the spring, AB cadence, adapting it to your workflow. I run the weekly live calls in there. We can work together personally on your company and what you sell, stuff like that. So hope to see you in there. Hope you got value. Thanks, guys, and we'll see you on the next one.